Manual Testing Important Questions:
--------------------------------------
1)Explain about STLC? STLC phases
2)Which methodology you are using in company?
	A)Agile methodology 
	2.1)What are scrum ceremonies? 
3)Tell me negative testcase on 
	select a product from application and add to cart 
	that product. in between these , tell me only negative
	testcases.
	3.1) tell me testcases on wallclock 
	3.2) write testcases on atm operation
	
4)Differences between functional and non-functional testing?
5)Differences between re and regression testing and differences
	between smoke and sanity testing?
6)what is performance testing and monkey testing?
7)you found a defect but it is not reproducing at dev environment
	then how will you handle that situation?
8)what are the chanllenges you faced in your project?
9)defect life cycle?
10)tell me one senario on high seveirty and high priority?
	and high priority and low severity?
11) what is jira and how to create a defect in jira?
	11.1)what is the workflow of jira?
	11.2)how to perform test management activities in Jira? [zephyr plugin]

12) black box design techniques?
13)what is exit criteria?
14)what is test plan and components of testplan and test stratagy?
15)what is test scenario and test case?
16)what are the roles and responsibilities of software testengineer?
17)what is positive and negative testing/
18)difference between whitebox, blackbox, greybox testing?
19)difference between alpha and beta testing?
20)difference between unit and integration testing?
21)what is UAT?
22)you went unprepared and release is tomorrow, then how will you
	handle this situation?
23)difference between verification and validation?
24)what are the drawbacks of manual testing?
25) when to prefer manual testing and automation testing?
	or
	how will you select testcases for automation?
26)which type of testing should conduct first?

27)prepare testcases on login functionality?
28)you have a parentmeeting in school to ur kid, and at the same 
time you have meeting with client, and ur patner also not available
then how you will tackle the situation? 
29)








